Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
We will have three separate
matches between three duelists
from my school
and three from yours.
The one facing Yuya
will be Dipper.
Bring it on, Dipper.
I'm ready for your very best!
(chuckles)
Observe, the mighty Rank Six
Constellar Ptolemy M7!
And now, it's show time!
Here they come!
First, I'll cast Stargazer
Magician in a starring role.
And now for
the super‐starring role,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Pendulum Summoning...
what a sight.
Now, Stargazer Magician,
attack Pleiades!
Astronomy Attack!
And now for
the big finisher.
Trampolynx, attack Dipper
directly!
(Dipper)
Wait. No!
Aah!
(Yuya)
That's a wrap!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Yuya!
Huh?
(laughter)
You were wunderbar!
Yeah, Yuya!
Thanks, Frederick.
Yeah!
Yes!
(all) High‐five.
High‐ten. High‐twenty!
Yuya!
You did it! Your duelin'
made Gong happier
than Gong
on his birthday!
Gong's never
been prouder!
Okay, easy.
You're breaking my ribs!
Zuzu.
(gasping)
(Frederick)
You're the best duelist
in the whole wide world!
(others chattering)
Uh, yes, Yuya?
You're up next, Zuzu,
and we're counting on you.
Don't worry.
Just leave it to me.
I know our whole school's
at stake...
so I know
I have to win this!
You've allowed a student
from a third rate school
to thoroughly humiliate you.
And you've tarnished
the reputation
of the Leo Institute's
Xyz curriculum.
Zuzu, just duel the way
you always do.
Right.
You'll win.
That boy's Pendulum cards
will be mine one way or another.
Begin the second duel.
Yes, Madame Chairwoman.
(all)
Huh?
My name is Julia Crystal
and I'm a Fusion Summoner.
Huh. Well this battle
just got a lot more interesting.
Do any one of you amateurs have
enough guts to go against me?
(Zuzu)
Yeah, I do!
You Show School's
on the line
and so is
Yuya's reputation.
I can't lose this duel.
I just wish I knew for sure
who that was.
(chuckling)
Ready?
(grunting)
The perfect setting
for my precious little jewel
would be...
this one!
I activate the Action Field
Spell, Crystal Corridor!
(computer)
Augmented Reality
Combat System, energized.
Generating Action Field.
Zuzu, this is the perfect field
to reflect your flawless,
sparkling skills!
Time to twinkle
and shine, sweetie!
This is so embarrassing.
(snickering)
Your father may see you
as a sparkling little jewel,
but we know better, don't we?
What's that
supposed to mean?
You're a fake, a liar,
too afraid to tell
the truth about your pal!
(gasping)
You don't know
anything about me!
Maybe not, but I know
a lot about jewels.
My father is
a gem merchant
and I've seen thousands
and thousands of them.
I know how
real jewels shine.
You don't have that shine.
Maybe you can fool
your father and your friends,
but you can't
fool me, Zuzu.
Cause' I can see it
in your eyes,
you're filled with doubt.
(gasping)
You can believe whatever
you want to believe!
The only way to really prove
what's in my heart
is to stop talking
and start dueling!
Two star duelists are ready
to take center stage and battle.
Their monsters are waitin'
in the wings
for their big entrance!
So without further ado...
It's on...
with...
the show!
(all)
So now we present,
the main event!
(both)
Let's do this!
(computer)
Action Cards dispersed.
I'll go first, and I think
I'll start things off
by playing the spell card
Gem‐Knight Fusion!
It lets me fuse together two
Gem‐Knight monsters in my hand.
Already?
That's right and now
I choose to fuse
my Gem‐Knight Tourmaline
and Gem‐Knight Emerald!
Stone warrior
in armor of lightning,
gleaming green knight
of good fortune,
meld your might to make
your light blinding bright!
Fusion Summon.
Say hello
to Gem Knight Topaz!
I can't believe
that she could
Fusion Summon
on her very first turn.
Well here's something else
you won't believe:
you don't stand
a chance of beating me
and saving your school!
(gasping)
That's a lot of talk
coming from someone
who brought out
a monster
that's not going to be
very hard to beat.
I wouldn't be
so sure of that.
How you deal
with this monster
is going to make
or break you.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Well, we'll just see
who breaks!
I'll start things off
by activating
the sweet‐sounding spell
1st Movement Solo!
When there are no
monsters on my field,
I can summon a level
four‐or‐below
Melodious Diva
from my hand!
I present to you,
Aria, the Melodious Diva!
And, with a Melodious Diva
monster on stage,
this seriously talented
little songstress
can make it a duet!
Introducing Sonata,
the Melodious Diva!
Time to face
the music, Julia!
(Divas singing)
Now I'll tribute
this duet
and combine their melodies
to summon a whole new monster!
She'll blow you away
with her musical talent...
Mozarta,
the Melodious Maestra!
(gasping)
She is a superstar!
Yeah, she's Zuzu's
number one songstress!
That's just the opening act!
Once per turn,
Mozarta lets me summon
a Melodious Diva
that's level four or below.
Give it up for the chart‐topping
melody maker...
Canon the Melodious Diva!
(Diva singing)
Let's do this.
Mozarta,
the Melodious Maestra,
attack Julia's Gem‐Knight Topaz
with Graceful Wave!
So, how'd you like
that performance?
Ready for more?
(chuckling)
All right Canon, you're in
the spotlight now.
It's time to belt one out
and attack Julia directly
with Singing Strike!
(Diva sings note)
All right!
Sehr gut!
Nice goin', Zuzu!
I'll admit that you may have
a little bit of skill,
but nowhere enough
to beat me.
I wouldn't be
so sure!
You would be
if you knew what I know
about what's going to happen
on my next turn.
Then I'm gonna
change my tune
and switch Canon the Melodious
Diva into defense mode.
My turn now!
I summon this gem of a monster,
Gem‐Knight Alexandrite!
And now, I activate
Alexandrite's special ability!
By sending this card
to the graveyard,
I can summon one Gem‐Knight
from my deck.
So I'm bringing out
Gem‐Knight Crystal.
I hate to break it
to you, Julia,
but you can't beat
my Mozarta with that!
(chuckling)
Whoever said
I was going to?
I activate the trap card
Fragment Fusion.
By banishing monsters
in my graveyard,
I can Fusion Summon
one Gem Knight.
Oh!
First she Fusion Summons
with monsters in her hand,
now she's doing it with
monsters in her graveyard?
(Julia)
I banish Gem‐Knight Alexandrite,
Tourmaline and Emerald.
That Julia seems to know
more about Fusion Summoning
than I thought she would,
but she's not nearly as good
as this chocolaty
chocolate stick.
Magical rock of dark
and light,
stone warrior
in armor of lightning,
gleaming green knight
of good fortune,
combine your brilliance to forge
a blinding new brightness!
I Fusion Summon the mighty
Gem‐Knight, Master Diamond!
My Gem‐Knight Master Diamond's
a cut above of the rest.
(gasping)
Now I'll use Gem‐Knight
Master Diamond's special ability
to banish Gem‐Knight Topaz
from the graveyard.
I don't... understand.
(Yuya) Zuzu!
Don't let your guard down!
She must have
something planned.
What's the matter,
eyes playing tricks on you?
Ah!
(Zuzu thinking)
What's going on?
Am I seeing things?
Gem‐Knight Crystal,
use your brilliance
and blast Zuzu's Canon,
the Melodious Diva!
Crystal Barrage!
I'm just getting warmed up.
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond,
shine bright and take out
her Melodious Maestra!
She destroyed Zuzu's Maestra
like it was nothing.
Well, she has lots
of life points left.
(Julia)
Not for long!
Wait, what do you mean?
I'm sure you remember
how I activated
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond's
special ability
earlier in the duel,
don't you?
Well, unfortunately
for you, Zuzu,
by banishing my precious
Gem‐Knight Topaz,
my Gem‐Knight Master Diamond
gains its special abilities
to become
even more brilliant.
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond has
Topaz's special abilities?
Tough luck, girl.
Ready for the bad news?
Since Master Diamond
destroyed Mozarta,
you take damage equal
to Mozarta's attack points!
(roaring)
(grunting)
Come on, Zuzu, get fired up!
Ya gotta beat her!
She just took
some major damage.
But she's still got
some life points left.
She can still pull it out.
(Sora) In your dreams.
Huh?
Zuzu doesn't have
a chance.
(Julia)
Oh, I forgot to mention...
Master Diamond can attack
twice this turn!
Poor Zuzu!
If she takes another hit...
(all)
She'll lose for sure.
I can almost taste
the defeat.
(Zuzu thinking)
It's no use.
One more attack
and it's over.
There's nothing I can do...
or is there?
(Julia) Ready, Zuzu?
An Action Card!
Thanks to Topaz's
special ability...
That's my chance!
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond
can attack again,
so say good‐bye, Zuzu!
I've got it!
(grunting)
Huh?
It's over there?
Fooled by an image reflected
in the column.
Your eyes may have
tricked you just now,
but you won't trick me.
I know Yuya was the one
who dueled Sylvio....
Aah!
(groaning)
Boring.
That's what I call
a total blowout.
(chuckling)
That was no surprise.
Zuzu. Zuzu.
Zuzu!
(groaning weakly)
I'm sorry about your duel.
Yeah.
I thought‐‐
(both grunting)
Hey, you sure you're okay?
(thinking)
I don't know
what's going on.
I'm so confused
right now.
My heart's telling me
Yuya wasn't the one
that dueled Sylvio,
but I know what I saw.
Maybe my eyes
were playing tricks on me,
like when I saw that card
in the reflection.
Is this gonna be over
any time soon?
Huh?
Ah!
(groaning)
What'd you do that for?
I'm so sorry.
Well, I forgive you,
but my back's not so sure.
I'm sorry about
that duel, too.
I know how important
it was...
and I lost.
Hey, lighten up, Zuzu.
We just gotta win
the next one.
Yeah.
(chuckling)
(Kit Blade)
Oh, is that all
you have to do?
(both)
Hmm?
That should be
pretty impossible.
Who are you?
The name's Kit Blade,
and I'm the slickest
Syncro Summoner
you'll ever meet!
Now which one of you
do I get to beat?
(Allie)
Yuya won his duel...
(Frederick)
Und Zuzu lost hers.
(Tate)
The next duel decides it.
Oh, man, Gong wishes
he could get in there
and get Gong some revenge
for how that kid treated Zuzu!
But since Gong doesn't go
to You Show,
Gong can't step up
to take down the competition.
Listen, Sora, this is
a win‐or‐go home situation
so you gotta beat him!
I'm not really into
pressure situations like this,
and I'm sure the competition
won't mind,
so if you wanna duel
instead of me,
I'm totally fine
with it, big brows.
Huh! Big brows?
(bell dinging)
Did you say I could duel
instead of you?
Yeah.
For some reason,
I'm not getting
a good vibe
from that guy.
(grunting)
Huh.
Then just leave him
to Gong.
You know how much
this duel means, Gong.
But there's nobody else
I'd want or trust more
to fight for our school
than my very best friend.
Yuya...
Now Gong's really fired up!
Gong's hotter than a jalapeno
in a heat wave
and Gong's gonna beat that guy
like a bass drum at homecoming!
Hey!
Huh?
I don't have all day,
big brows.
If you're chicken,
save us both some time
and get someone else
to duel, you got it?
(grunting)
How dare you!
Nobody calls the great
and powerful Gong a chicken
and gets away with it!
Gong'll show you
who's chicken.
Now, let's get duelin'!
If you think for one second
I'm gonna roll over and lose
like the wannabes
who got beat before,
grab a reality check,
big brows.
(grunting)
See, I'm a totally different
kind of duelist.
I actually know
what I'm doing!
Do you hear what Kit
just said about us?
He‐‐ he just said that
we don't know what we're doing!
I hate to break
the news to you,
but he wasn't talking
about us.
He was talking about you.
That Kit's got
a real sharp tongue.
Sharp as a sword.
Hey, that's it!
(bell dinging)
I activate the Action Field
Spell, Sword Cemetery!
(computer)
Augmented Reality
Combat System energized.
Generating Action Field.
Gong, you know what field
this is,
and you know what you need
to do‐‐ bury his life points!
Say what you will,
but if we win this duel,
the You Show School
and its star pupil, Yuya Sakaki,
will both belong
to the Leo Institute.
Correct, Mr. Boyle?
That's correct,
but if we win this duel
then you promise never
to interfere with Yuya again!
Right.
(Skip)
The stage is set
and the duelists are ready!
Their monsters are about to
bring this graveyard to life...
In this tie‐breaking battle!
The winner takes it all,
and the loser loses all.
(both)
Action!
Duel!
Gong'll kick this off, Kit.
Gong summons Superheavy
Samurai Kabuto from my hand.
That's it... for now.
Ha! A weak monster
with 1000 attack points,
that's your big open?
It's not
the monsters you use,
it's how you use
your monsters.
Ha! You're diggin' a hole
for yourself, big brows.
My turn.
I draw.
(chuckling)
I'll start off
this blowout
with XX‐Saber
Boggart Knight!
With big, bad Boggart
Knight in the yard,
I get to summon
one level four or below
X‐Saber from my hand.
So I summon the level
three Tuner Monster,
XX‐Saber Fulhelmknight!
A Level 3 Tuner Monster.
Gong activates Superheavy
Samurai Kabuto's
special ability!
Since you summoned
Fulhelmknight,
Gong's Samurai switches
to defense mode,
and it gains 500
defense points to boot!
You out‐knighted yourself!
If you hadn't summoned
that second one,
you could've beat
Gong's Samurai.
You start playing cute
and things are gonna
get ugly real fast.
You keep that in mind.
Nice goin', now hunker down
and wear 'em out
with your heavy, strong
dueling technique!
Ha! My skills
are so sharp
you could never
wear'em down.
I got a surprise
for you, genius.
'Cause whenever I have two
or more X‐Saber monsters
on my field, I get to summon
XX‐Saber Faultroll!
Kit's already got three
monsters on his field!
Ach du lieber!
Check this out.
Level three Fulhelmknight tunes
level four Boggart Knight!
I Synchro Summon!
Level seven X‐Saber Souza!
Oh!
That guy looks nasty.
So Kit added
a level three monster
to a level four monster
to summon a
level seven monster!
You got it!
But there's a lot more.
Once a turn, XX‐Saber Faultroll
can summon
a Level four‐or‐below
X‐Saber from the graveyard.
I'm calling out
XX‐Saber Fulhelmknight!
Kit brought back the Tuner
he used to Synchro Summon,
and I know he's got plans
to use it right here, right now!
Then that must mean
Kit's gonna...
Synchro Summon one more time!
Level three Fulhelmknight tunes
level six Faultroll!
I Synchro Summon!
Level nine XX‐Saber Gottoms!
(Yuya)
Gong's got his work
cut out for him,
'cause Kit looks ready
to slice and dice
his way to victory!
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪